Introduction to Python Data Types, Variables and Assignments

What are Data Types?
Data types are an important topic in programming 

Boolean Data Type
This data type is often a result of some comparison operation.

For Example, is today Wednesday?, True/False.

We observe that to arrive at an answer:
* we, first of all, try to establish what today is.


The bool() function 
This is used to check if something is true or false 


Type Conversion 
Oftentimes, we want to convert one datatype to another. This is possible in Python using the specific function for the data type you are trying to convert into.


Mathematical Operations On Numbers
Many operations can be performed on numbers. We will talk about them one after the other as we move on 
Python supports the following mathematical operations on numbers:

Addition: +
Subtraction: -
Multiplication: *
Division: /
Exponentiation: **
Floor Division: //
Modulo: %


Variable
A variable is a container for a value, which can be of various types. A variable in Python is simply a placeholder. Let's see it as a container to hold values for later use.

For Example:
Instead of: His name is ALIPHATIC, ALIPHATIC is a small boy. ALIPHATIC schools in Lagos. ALIPHATIC is a Nigerian

we can have :
x = "ALIPHATIC", the statement above becomes;
His name is x, x is a small boy. x schools in Lagos, x is a Nigerian.


Rules of variable naming; 
* Variables are case sensitive, x is not equal to X
* A variable name must start with a letter or the underscore character
* A variable name cannot start with a number
* A variable name can only contain alpha-numeric characters and underscores (A - Z, 0 - 9, and _ )
* Variable names are case-sensitive (age, Age and AGE are three different variables)


Python Naming Conventions

Snake Case 
This is the most common naming convention in Python. It is also known as snake case, snake style, or snake notation. It is a convention that uses underscores to separate words in variable names. For example, the variable name my_first_variable is written in snake case.

Camel Case
This is another naming convention in Python. It is also known as camel style, camel caps, or camel notation. It is a convention that uses capital letters to separate words in variable names. For example, the variable name myFirstVariable is written in the camel case.

Pascal Case
This is another naming convention in Python. It is also known as Pascal style, Pascal caps, or Pascal notation. It is a convention that uses capital letters to separate words in variable names. For example, the variable name MyFirstVariable is written in Pascal's case.